ok today we're going to talk about what
happens when you paint latex over oil
and you don't prep the surface correctly
now these are cabinets and woodwork and
what not was painted about a little less
than two years ago by a local contractor
fairly reputable pretty big company
Union I don't know why they just didn't
do this right but maybe they just did in
time but I'm prepping these out put a
better coat of paint on and I come
across some things they're pretty
disheartening so we got in here oh look
at that yes they painted latex over old
high gloss enamel oil and didn't prep it
so why didn't this latex stick to the
oil well you have to prep that oil you
got to sand it scuff it D gloss it's
something to provide to you no it's just
way too hard and slick so since it
didn't do anything on the soil the
acrylic or latex dried fast and had
nothing to just didn't have time to
penetrate and grip it so what happens
when you do this what's the failure ah
let's see this oh oh oh there we go
it just comes off and cheese
hopefully they just miss this section of
the poll here so doesn't just keep
healing and healing that is why boys and
girls you need to scuff sand and
properly prep oil before you put a latex
proud over it now don't forget that prep
it prep it good now get back to work